https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-3373 (#4798)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/managing_hosted_aws.adoc

You can import a hosted control plane cluster with the console by navigating to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* and selecting the hosted cluster you want to import. Then, click *Import hosted cluster*.

> *Note:* For your _discovered_ Hypershift hosted cluster, you can also import from the console, however the cluster must be in an upgradable state. Import on your cluster is disabled if the hosted cluster is not in an upgradable state because the hosted control plane is not available. Click *Import* to begin the process. The status is `Importing` while the cluster receives updates and then changes to `Ready`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note:* For your _discovered_ hosted cluster, you can also import from the console, but the cluster must be in an upgradable state. Import on your cluster is disabled if the hosted cluster is not in an upgradable state because the hosted control plane is not available. Click *Import* to begin the process. The status is `Importing` while the cluster receives updates and then changes to `Ready`.
```
